README: Update method recommendation (#1127)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

### Update methods

There are several ways of updating your Bottlerocket hosts.

> For EKS variants of Bottlerocket, we recommend using the [Bottlerocket update operator](#bottlerocket-update-operator) for automated updates.

Reviewer: I think linking directly to the brupop project might be more helpful than linking down below, since down below is basically just a link to the project.

> For EKS variants of Bottlerocket, we recommend using the [Bottlerocket update operator](#bottlerocket-update-operator) for automated updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For EKS variants of Bottlerocket, we recommend using the [Bottlerocket update operator](#bottlerocket-update-operator) for automated updates.
You can also use one of the methods below for direct control of updates.
```

> For ECS variants of Bottlerocket, we recommend updating hosts using the [update API](#update-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the ECS preview variant of Bottlerocket, we recommend updating hosts using one of the methods below, until further automation is ready.
```
